Add a release notes for v0.9.0 (#845)
grafana/xk6-browser: release notes/v0.9.0.md

> k6-browser `v0.9.0` is here 🎉! This release includes:

Reviewer: I'm a little bit confused with the naming in docs vs in this repo etc. Should this be `k6-browser` or `xk6-browser`? Or even `k6 browser` here?

Reviewer 2: I believe the module name is still `xk6-browser` and since we're referring to the module version, I'd suggest we refer to it by its name.

Author: Amended in d686c1cffa45ab8d9ad6f95caaac12750a01b44b

- A few breaking changes.
- `browserContext.addCookies` has now been implemented.

> - `browserType.Connect` has now been implemented and so k6-browser can connect to an already running Chrome/Chromium browser instance.

Reviewer: Providing a suggestion just in case this sentence was mistyped for some reason, but of course I trust you way more than me on writing in English :smile: 
```suggestion
- `browserType.Connect` has been implemented so k6-browser can now connect to an already running Chrome/Chromium browser instance.
```

> - Web vitals are natively supported by the k6-module.

Reviewer: What are we referring here with `k6-module`?

Author: Yep, correct, resolved in ca916eac3918873fcdace84c06d9d173c0e5ba0c

- Lots of fixes and refactors.

## Breaking changes

> - [xk6-browser#844](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/844) Remove the exported `version` param from the root module. We want uses to reference the k6 version now instead of the k6-browser version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [xk6-browser#844](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/844) Remove the exported `version` param from the root module. We want users to reference the k6 version now instead of the k6-browser version.
```
And maybe I would write it in another way such as:
```suggestion
- [xk6-browser#844](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/844) Remove the exported `version` param from the root module. Users should from now on reference the k6 version instead of the k6-browser version.
```

> - [xk6-browser#790](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/790) Convert `locator.click` to async so it is feature with `page.click` and `elementHandle.click`. Users will need to remember to work with `promise.All` and `page.waitForNavigation()` when a click action results in a navigation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [xk6-browser#790](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/790) Convert `locator.click` to async to have a feature parity with `page.click` and `elementHandle.click`. Users must remember to work with `promise.All` and `page.waitForNavigation()` when a click action results in navigation.
```

Author: What about:

```suggestion
- [xk6-browser#790](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/790) Convert `locator.click` to async to have feature parity with `page.click` and `elementHandle.click`. Users must remember to work with `promise.All` and `page.waitForNavigation()` when a click action results in navigation.
```

>     A `location.click` action that doesn't result in a navigation can be used like so:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    A `location.click` action that doesn't result in navigation can be used like so:
```

```go
  const browser = chromium.connect('ws://127.0.0.1:1234/devtools/browser/e3bb7e53-ad0f-46f3-ae89-a8416868f4ce')
  const page = browser.newPage();
```

### Web Vitals are now natively supported by the k6-browser module [xk6-browser#836](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/836)

Web vitals are the defacto way for developers to measure their frontend performance using the core metrics:

- Largest contentful paint ([LCP](https://web.dev/lcp/))
- First input delay ([FID](https://web.dev/fid/))
- Cumulative layout shift ([CLS](https://web.dev/cls/))

> These measurements are now calculated for all tests without any additional work from your side. Simply run your test as you have been doing and you will be presented with the metrics in the output as you have used other measurements. This is the output after running the [examples/fillform.js](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/blob/main/examples/fillform.js) script:

Reviewer: Just adding a comment that I don't quite understand the part here that says: "as you have used other measurements." But it might be ok :+1:

Author: Yeah, that doesn't make sense. I've removed that part. Resolved in d5e14dab29cea3af9bf07217f6543261d1c2f4b9

     webvital_cumulative_layout_shift..........: avg=0        min=0        med=0        max=0        p(90)=0        p(95)=0       
     webvital_cumulative_layout_shift_good.....: 1       0.323332/s
     webvital_first_contentful_paint...........: avg=278.86ms min=141.1ms  med=229.39ms max=466.1ms  p(90)=418.76ms p(95)=442.43ms
     webvital_first_contentful_paint_good......: 3       0.969995/s
     webvital_first_input_delay................: avg=300µs    min=200µs    med=300µs    max=399.99µs p(90)=379.99µs p(95)=389.99µs
     webvital_first_input_delay_good...........: 2       0.646663/s
     webvital_interaction_to_next_paint........: avg=16ms     min=16ms     med=16ms     max=16ms     p(90)=16ms     p(95)=16ms    
     webvital_interaction_to_next_paint_good...: 1       0.323332/s
     webvital_largest_content_paint............: avg=303.6ms  min=141.1ms  med=303.6ms  max=466.1ms  p(90)=433.6ms  p(95)=449.85ms
     webvital_largest_content_paint_good.......: 2       0.646663/s
     webvital_time_to_first_byte...............: avg=205.23ms min=104.79ms med=188.39ms max=322.5ms  p(90)=295.67ms p(95)=309.08ms
     webvital_time_to_first_byte_good..........: 3       0.969995/s
```

> You may have noticed other metrics in there too. we rely on the [web-vitals](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web-vitals) JS library which exposes a few more metrics, so we've left them in for you to experiment with.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You may have noticed other metrics in there too. We rely on the [web-vitals](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web-vitals) JS library which exposes a few more metrics, so we've left them in for you to experiment with.
```

You will no longer see `browser_first_contentful_paint` in the summary, and instead you can work with `webvital_first_contentful_paint`.

### UX improvements and enhancements

- [xk6-browser#788](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/788) Update the xk6-browser readme to highlight that it is now a module in k6.
- [xk6-browser#803](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/803) Warns the user if the `browser.close` method is called more than once.
- [xk6-browser#820](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/820) Add error handling to wildcard selectors, which cleans up the error output in the terminal.

## Bug fixes

- [xk6-browser#781](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/781) Fix mapping of `response` object's function from `jSON` to `json`.
- [xk6-browser#779](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/779) Clear Zombie processes on panic.

> - [xk6-browser#817](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/817) Remove `--no-sandbox` as a default browser launch flag argument.

Reviewer: I think this would be better placed in the `Maintenance and internal improvements` section.

Author: Yeah, it's a tricky one as to where this goes. Thinking about this a little more, could it be a better fit in breaking changes? The reason i say this is that if a user has been running under `root`, it will mean that xk6-browser will not be able to launch Chrome as root unless `--no-sandbox` is set. WDYT?

Author: Resolved in 532431a8ec95821d5ecbda5f67a87184c05d5b5c
